Fix for broken link (#372)
smartdevicelink/sdl_app_library_guides: docs/Customizing Look and Functionality/Customizing the Keyboard/index.md

# Customizing the Keyboard
@![iOS, android, javaEE, javaSE]

> If you present keyboards in your app – such as in searchable interactions or another custom keyboard – you may wish to customize the keyboard for your users. The best way to do this is through the !@@![iOS]`SDLScreenManager`!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE]`ScreenManager`!@@![iOS, android, javaEE, javaSE]. For more information presenting keyboards, see the [Popup Menus and Keyboards guide](Displaying a User Interface/Popup Keyboards).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you present keyboards in your app – such as in searchable interactions or another custom keyboard – you may wish to customize the keyboard for your users. The best way to do this is through the !@@![iOS]`SDLScreenManager`!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE]`ScreenManager`!@@![iOS, android, javaEE, javaSE]. For more information presenting keyboards, see the [Popup Keyboards](Displaying a User Interface/Popup Keyboards) section.
```
